Kanaban - It's a popular framework used to implement agile and devops software development. It requires real-time
communication of capacity and full transparency of work. Work items are represented in Kanban Board and allowing
members to see the state of every piece of work at any time.
Kan=Card,Ban=Signal. It comes from japanese co. Toyota in the 1940's.It's also called pull based system.
5 Properties -
Visualise the workflow, Limit work-in-progress, Measure and manage flow,
Make process and policies explicit, Use models to recognise improvement opportunities
Benefits -
a.A well-designed kanban system helps team to identify and reduce the process waste in all of its form
b.Visualization is the most recognizable feature in kanban board.It helps to know instantly how the tasks are moving
c.Throwing extra resources at a problem is a possible solution when there is a budget.
Little's law - TP=WIP/CT. For any given Work In Progress, ThroughPut will increase if Cycle-Time is reduced.
Agile - It's an approach of s/w development under which requirements and solutions evolve through the collaborative
effort of self-organizing and cross-functional teams and their customers/end users.
In Agile testing, all the members of the team with specific skills and certain expertise to ensure the timely delivery
of a product with the release of additional features at frequent intervals
Agile Principles -
a.Early and continuous delivery - Piece of product is given demo instead of long wait like waterfall model
b.Welcome changing requirements - It brings +ve outcome as cost is involved and customer satisfies with the changes
c.Deliver working s/w - present working s/w to customers at regular intervals to see if it matches the requirement list
d.Business people and developers work together daily throughout the project - It helps the developers to get quickly
answer to the questions and also for business people
e.Build projects under motivated individuals - For this phrase keep the communication channel open. provide team tools
and support to get the job done

Scrum Framework -
    Roles - Product Owner (Business Analyst), Scrum Master, Team
    Artifacts - Product Backlog, Sprint Backlog, Burn-down charts
    Ceremonies - Sprint Planning, Sprint Review, Sprint Retrospective, Daily Scrum Meetings

Product Owner - Product Owner gathers the inputs from customers,teams,managers
Scrum Master - His responsibilities to protect team and development process.Guides team to give their best performance
Scrum Team - Typically 3-9 members including developers,testers,designers.All should give full time.Team must be
self-organising to the goal

Product Backlog - It's the feature of the product. An ordered list of what is needed to improve the product.
a.List and priorities the task-level details to execute a plan - to do list
b.Includes user stories, changes to existing functionalities, bug fixes.
Sprint - In X days product is getting released.It must be <=30 days.It'll cancel if govt rules and regulation changes
Sprint Backlog - It's a task breakout.By doing daily scrum meeting it's decided what to today and tomorrow. Also set
the time. Once its set then its don't change
Burn-down Chart - It's a visual display of work completed and remaining in the project. Benefit of this chart is to
track team's progress.Timely prevention of issues.

Sprint Planning meeting - Product owner sets the meeting with teams,scrum master to check the priority.Sprint Backlog
is the outcome
Sprint Review - Team presents what is done and gives demo of new feature.Ideally it takes 2-4 hours. Whole team must be
in the meeting
Sprint Retrospective - It happens after sprint completion. It takes 30 mins.Whole team participates the meeting and its
decided what to start and stop or continue doing.

MVP - It stands for minimum value product. In minimum, none wants to buy a product. In MVP, we build good enough build
to attract users. It's basically test the idea with the real users before committing large budget to the product's full
development.

Waterfall vs Agile - In waterfall model, we gives demo at the end. so,if there is any mistake in the beginning we need
to rework it. Where in scrum we gives demo to small section.So,If there is any changes needed then its helpful for team
to do it.It helps the product to become error free before launch.
Pros and Cons of Agile -
Pros -
a.Continuous delivery of the software ensures customer satisfaction
b.All the stakeholders are involved in the process which leads to excellent and good design
c.It facilitates close interaction between business people and developers
d.Breaking down the project into iterations allows team to focus on high quality development,testing and collaboration
Cons -
a.If software is large then it's tough to determine the effort level at the beginning of s/w development lifecycle.
b.In agile methodology, Documentation and Designing take a back seat.
c.The decision-making is crucial for the development process. It requires seniority and experience. So, freshers dont
get chance here.
d.Active involvement and collaboration required throughout the process

Scrum of Scrums - The term is used when there are multiple teams involved in the project.It refers to the daily scrum
meeting. In this scenario, different team is responsible for separate scrum meeting. To maintain collaboration and
communication among the teams a separate meeting is conducted where all the teams participate.
Velocity of Sprint - It's one of the planning tools used to estimate the speed of the work and time of completion of
the project. Calculation is done after reviewing the work done by team successfully completed earlier sprints.
For example if team completes 5 stories during 2 weeks sprint and each story worth 3 story points. then velocity is
15 points per sprint.
Quality of Agile Testers -
a.Capable to understand the requirements
b.Must aware of the agile principles
c.Prioritize the work based on requirements
d.Good communication skills to communicate with business associates,developers.
Zero Sprint - It refers to the first step that comes before the first sprint. It's like pre-step to the first sprint.
Zero sprint includes some activities that must be completed before starting the project like environment setup,
preparing backlogs and also some tasks that are usually done before beginning the actual development
Duration of Scrum Sprint - It depends on project size , ideally 3-9 members takes 3-4 weeks to complete a scrum script
Sprint Planning Meeting vs Sprint Retrospective Meeting -
Sprint planning meeting involves all the scrum roles like product owner , scrum master,scrum team. All comes together
to discuss the project priority and backlog items. Usually, It's a weekly event that lasts for about an hour.
In Sprint retrospective meeting, all scrum roles comes together to discuss good and bad elements of the sprint.
Generally it's an extension of sprint planning meeting and can last up to 2-3 hours
