Cookie - It's a data stored as name-values pair on the user's computer by the web browser while browsing a website.
Session - It's a server-side storage of information that is associated with user or browser session. Each session is
assigned with a unique id.
Cache - It's storing copies of files or data temporarily that makes a device,browser or app run faster to access to
the data
Session Cookie - This cookie are active until the browser is open.
Persistent Cookie - This cookie are written permanently on the user machine. It can be lasted for months or years.

WebDriver - It's an automation framework like selenium that allows you to programmatically control web browsers.
 It's not a class or method but an interface. Webdriver interface depends on the browser you want to automate. Like
 for googlechrome the implementation class is Chromedriver.

 Abstract class and method - an abstract class is a class that cannot be instantiated on its own , It allows you
 to create a set of methods that must be created within the child classes built from the abstract class.
 An abstract method is a method that is declared in the abstract class but must be implemented by the child class.
 Abstract classes and methods are a way to create a blueprint for other classes, ensuring that certain methods are
 implemented in child classes.

 Data driven test vs Keyword driven test
 a.DDT can conduct testing using any variables,values,stored data.
   KDT can only use specific keyword
 b.DDT can store data in any formats like csv,excel,db.
   KDT  can only store data in Excel
 c.DDT consumes less time , KDT consumes much more time that DDT.
 d.High level programming knowledge required for DDT
   Without knowledge of programming test KDT can be performed

 Assert vs Verify
 In assert, As soon as the verification fails the execution of that test method is stopped. Following the test method
 is marked as fail.
 In verify, The test execution continues even after failure of an assertion statement

 Fluent Wait - In Selenium, a "Fluent Wait" is a way to wait for a certain condition to occur before proceeding with
  the execution of the test script. Unlike implicit and explicit waits which wait for a fixed amount of time,
  Fluent Wait provides more flexibility by allowing you to specify the polling frequency and to ignore certain
  exceptions during the wait period.

  Data Driven Framework , Keyword Driven Framework , Hybrid Framework
  DDF - In selenium, It's a method of separating data sets from the test cases. Once it's done then it can be
  easily modified for a specific functionality without changing the code.
  KDF - It's a method, used for speeding up the automation testing by separating keywords for a common sets of
  functions and instructions. All the operations and instructions to be performed are written in some external file.
  HF - It's a concept where we are using advantage of both KDF as well as DDF.

  Static wait - It will halt the test execution for some specific time no matter elements get visible before that time.
  In python, we can use 'time.sleep(5)'.
  Dynamic Wait - It will wait until the condition is met. So, user prefers it to use mostly. suppose you have given
  timeout value 20, if element is loaded in 5 seconds , rest 15 seconds can be ignored. Ex - Implicit,Explicit wait
  Implicit - It directs webdriver to wait for certain time before it throws an exception.
  Explicit - It directs webdriver to wait for certain conditions. But, it can be applied for specified elements.

  Components of selenium - Selenium Webdriver, Selenium Grid, Selenium IDE
  Locators in selenium - id,name,className,tagName,linkText,partialLinkText,CSS Selector,Xpath
  Xpath - It's technique in selenium to navigate through HTML structure of any page and also XML structure of any doc.
  Automation framework - It's not a single tool or process, but the collection of tools and process working together
  to support automated testing of any app.

  Hard assert - It throws exception immediately after assert statement fails. Test execution stops at this point.
  Soft assert - It doesn't throws exception immediately after assert statement fails. All test will be executed first
  then the fail testcases will be marked.  Need to write '--soft-asserts' after the command.

  / and // differences -
  Single slash is used with absolute path, which will start from root path
  Double slash is used with relative path, which will start from current path

find element - It's to find webelement on a webpage
find elements - It's to find a list of webelements  matching locator passed on params. If same locator found
multi-times then first one will be displayed.

Linklist over array -
Elements can be added indefinitely, while an array will get filled or need to be resized
Elements can be removed from linklist, where removing element will make empty spaces in the list.

Python OOP - Python is not a pure OOP language as it doesn't allow strong encapsulation. Also in python you can write
program without defining classes, which is not possible in pure  OOP language.

How to Create Thread in python?
By creating Threading module
import threading
def print_n()
    for i in rang(5):
       print(i)
thread = threading.Thread(target=print_n)
thread.start()
thread.join()

Virtual function - All methods in classes are "virtual". Any method defined in superclass can be overridden in a
subclass
OOP vs OO - Object oriented language don't have any inbuilt objects.
String class and overload the overwriting - Python has built in string class named "str"
Overloading is achieved by overriding the method which is for operator. Ex- __add__(self,x) is reserved for
overloading  + operator.

Sub-class and Sub-type -
class Animal:
    def sound(self):
        print("Animal makes sound")
class Dog(Animal):
    def sound(self):
        print("Dog barks")
def make_sound(animal):
    animal.sound()
a = Dog()
make_sound(a)
Here, Dog is a sub-type of Animal, so instance of Dog passed a function that expects an Animal

Object and It's lifetime - An object is created when memory is allocated for it. Typically it occurs when an instance
of a class is instantiated.
Lifetime of an object refers to the duration of object exist in memory allocation and its deallocated.

Protect global data in threads - To protect global data we need to ensure data integrity. You can protect global data
in threads using lock. Ex - using thread module import thread and use lock=threading.lock()

Private and Public function -
class Myclass:
    def public(self):
        print("this is public")
    def __private(self):
        print("this is private")
a = Myclass()
a.public()
a._Myclass__private()
Public method is designed to be used freely both inside and outside the class
Private method is designed with prefix the member name with 2 underscores. It can be only used inside the class. It
provides encapsulation to prevent its use outside the class.If we use Myclass it will throw error as their name is
mangled.So, we need to use mangled name like _Myclass (Data mangling)

Single Inheritance - A child class is derived from a single parent class and allows the class to derive behaviour and
properties of a single parent class.

abstraction - An abstraction is used to hide the irrelevant data or class in order to reduce the complexity.
abstraction in Stack - It's a linear Data Structure that follows particular order in which operations are performed.
The order in LIFO.It means last element added in stack will be removed first.

keys.Enter , keys.Return - In selenium, both represents ENTER keys in keyboard. so,they are functionally identical.
Destructor - In python destructor method is known as __del__() method. It's called when object's reference count drops
to zero and It's garbage-collected due to python's garbage collection mechanism.

Scope resolution - Scope resolution is required when variable is used to determine from where the value should come.
It follows LEGB(Local Enclose Global Built-in) rule.
x = 'Global'
def outer():
    x = 'Enclosing'
    def inner():
        x = 'Local'
        print(x)  # Resolves to local x
    inner()
    print(x)  # Resolves to enclosing x
outer()
print(x)  # Resolves to global x

Object Slicing - It's a technique to extract a portion from a sequence by specifying start,stop index & step index(opt)
my_list = ["a", "b", "c", "d", "e", "f", "g", "h"]
x = slice(1,7,2)
print(my_list[x])  -- ["b", "d", "f"]

Attributes of automation - Efficiency,Accuracy,Consistency,Scalability,Flexibility,Usability
Exceptions in selenium - NoSuchElementException,TimeoutException,NoSuchWindowException,WebDriverException
FIndBy and findElement - FindBy is an annotation where findElement is a method.
Mutable - In python we can change the value of dictionaries,list after creation. thats why its mutable
SOA - it stands for service-oriented-architecture. It's a stage in the evolution of application development.
It defines a way to make software components reusable using the interfaces.
Size of empty class - It's not exactly 1 byte but larger than 1 byte due its internal fields for metadata.

Friend class - It's a function that given the same access as methods to the private and protected data.
there is no privacy in python. so, no need for friend function

Variable - It's a named location used to store data in the memory. Each variable has unique identifier.
constant - Type of variable whose value can't be changed
keywords - During coding keyword can't be used as variable,function name.It's used to define syntax of python language
iterators - It's an object to that can be iterated upon like lists,tuples,dictionaries. It implements 2 methods
__iter__() and __next__()
Functional arguments - Argument passing to the function is an optional. Ex- Default,keyword,arbitary arguments
def hello(name,msg="howz u?"):  # msg has default arguments
    print("Hello",name,msg)     # name,msg is parameters
hello("Raj","Nice Day")
hello("raj1")                   # arguments is not assigned so default value will be printed

Advantages of tuple over list -
1.Tuples are immutable, so,values can't be changed after creation.
2.Accessing elements in tuples easier than list as it stored data as a single block of memory
3.Tuples takes less memory than list.

break and continue - Break statement is used inside the loop. It immediately terminate the loop if condition is met,
Continue statement is used to skip the rest of the code inside the loop.It jumps into the next iterations.
Exception - Python has built-in exception which enables our program to output an error message. when it occurs then
it stops the process until it's handled.

-------------------------------------------------------QA---------------------------------------------------------------

SDLC - It's a procedure to development a software.
Waterfall Model - Requirements > Design > Built > Testing > Maintenance
V-Model - Customer req spec> High level design > Low level design > Coding > UAT > System testing >
Integration testing > Functional testing > Unit testing
Waterfall Model > V Model - We can't back and change requirements once it's reached into design stage. Change in
requirements leads to bug in design and then it goes on to the code. So,final product may face lot of rework to do.
Also in V-Model we need to have QA from beginning and More document required for testcases,test plan
Software Test - Identifying defects in software.
White Box - It's done by developers mostly. It's to check every line of code
Black Box - It's done by QA. it's to check functionality with the requirements.
Grey Box - It's a technique to test a software product with partial knowledge of internal structure of the code.
White Box vs Black Box -
a.Done By dev , Done by QA
b.Should have knowledge on internal structure of the code , No knowledge required
c.Should have knowledge of programming , No knowledge of programming required
Functional and Non-Functional Test - One ensures the function works properly & other ensures how well application works
Unit Test - It's a level of software testing where individual units of the software are tested
Integration Test - It's a level of software testing where individual units are combined and tested as a group
System Test - It's a level of software testing where complete and integrated software is tested
Acceptance Test - It's done by end user to check software can handle all real-time business scenarios.
Regression Test - It's to check any changes like bug fix or changes in the application not affecting the unchanged part
Retest - It's to check original defect has been removed successfully.
Sanity Test - It's a subset of regression test. It's done when we don't have much time to test. It's to check new
functionalities is not affecting any previous functionalities.
Smoke Test - It's a subset of acceptance test. It's done to check critical functionalities only, but nothing in depth
DRY run test - It's a static test performed by dev before software delivered to the user to reduce failure.
Ad-hoc Test - Testing application randomly
Alpha & Beta Test - Alpha is done by QA inside organisation where Beta is done by real users who actually uses this s/w
Usability Test - It's to check how user feels comfortable to use the software
UAT - It's the last step before the product goes to live to the end user. It's performed by client to make sure product
works perfectly and meets all the requirement.
Performance Test - It's to test speed,response time,stability,reliability and resource usage of a software application
under particular workload
Bottlenecks of performance test - App supports 100 users load but 3rd party api supports 20 only. then 3rd party api is
performance bottlenexks
Positive Test - +ve test determines that application works as expected.If error encountered in +ve test then it fails.
Negative Test - In -ve test we need to check application handles invalid input and unexpected user behavior
Usage of testcases - It's crucial stage of STLC.It helps to check quality of product and also improves efficiency of
test process.
Scalability Test - It's a type of load testing that measures the ability to scale up/down after increasing no. of users
Orthogonal Array Test - It's a test technique which is used when system is being tested under hugh number of inputs. It
helps to maximize test coverage by pairing and combining the inputs and testing the system. It saves testcases and time
Localization Test - It's to verify software behavior, accuracy for specific location or region.
Data Migration Test - It's to check if any data loss or not for transferring data from legacy system to new system
Fuzz Test - It's an automated test technique to inject invalid inputs to check coding error and loopholes.
Buddy Test - It's a process where dev and QA are paired for test scenarios.
Reliable Test - It's a purpose of testing to assure s/w is bug-free and reliable enough for it's expected purpose.
Postmortem Test - It's to identify the causes of failure and how to prevent the failure
Load Test - It's a performance testing to check software behavior under load.
Stress Test - When system is stressed beyond it's specification then we need to check when it fails.
Volume Test - It's to check an s/w application with certain amount of data. It can be data size or size of file
Spike Test - Checking the app performance for sudden increase in load. It runs for 1 or 2 hrs
STLC - It's a procedure of testing a software.
STLC Stages - Requirement Analysis > Test Planning > Test Strategy > Test Environment > Test Execution > Test Closure
Requirement Traceability Matrix - It's a document that maps and trace user requirement with testcases. It's to check
all testcases covered and no functionality should miss while testing.
Equivalence Partitioning - For large number of testcases it's not possible to check each testcase due to limited time.
So,This method is used to divide the input data into different equivalent classes to set the finite number of testcases
Boundary Value Analysis - It has been seen that input values at the extreme ends of the input domain causes more error.
So,This method is used to identify the error that exist in the boundaries rather than centre of the input domain.
Decision Table Techniques - This is the method to identify all the combinations of inputs and outputs for the testcases.
It's also called Cause Effect Testing.
Fault Based Test Technique - It's technique to inject predefined fault into code to check pre-specified fault in output
Severity - It's a degree of impact that defect has on development.
Priority - It's a level of importance assigned to a defect
High Severity + High Priority - Key feature not works,      High Severity + Low Priority - Feature that rarely uses
Low Severity + High Priority - Co. logo wrong in color,     Low Severity + Low Priority - Caption is in wrong font
Verification - Are we building the product right?           It's a process to check the product of a given phrase of
software development fulfill the requirements determined in previous phrase
Validation -  Are we building the right product?            It's a process to check the software at the end of it's
development to ensure its free from failures and meet the requirements.
Error - A mistake in coding by programmer                   Defect - Error found by tester
Bug - Defect accepted by dev team                           Failure - Build doesn't meet the requirement
Fault - Incorrect code that leads to failure or defect
Endurance Test - It's also known as Soak Test.It's a type of non-functional testing where an application can resist the
significant load for a long period of time to identify the performance related issues. It's to check memory leaks,
stability issues and also degradation in performance after long duration.
Test Case,Test Scenario - Testcase is a step to verify the Scenario, Scenario is a series of testcases.
Test Strategy - It's a test approach.Basically in testplan we write test strategy. Here we mentioned what type of test
we will perform like functional,non-functional,regression. Also mentioned what step we will take care of during issues
and also mentioned after fixing issues it will be available for UAT to end users.
FRS - Business Analyst prepares FRS (Functional Requirement Specification). FRS required to developer to understand
the product and what they supposed to create, Also it needs to understand the tester to make testcases and what to
test in the product.
Security Test - It's required to check authentication,authorization,confidentiality,integrity. Actual security depends
on Security Requirements.
High Level Design - It signifies the overall system design, It also called macro-level design
Low Level Design - It signifies the procedure of components level design, It also called micro-level design
Cause Effect Graph - It's a black box testing technique that graphically represents the relationship between
output and the factors that influence the output.
4 Components of FIT - Functionality, Performance, Security, Configuration
Top-down Integration Test - Here main module is designed first then sub-modules
Bottom-Up Integration Test - Here submodules are designed first then the main module.
Mutation Test - It's a form of white box testing.It's to check changes in source code detects in the test suites.
Test Metrics - It's to improve efficiency and effectiveness of the software testing process.
Stub in Integration Test - It's a "Called Programs" and are used in Top-down Integration Test
Driver in Integration Test - It's a "Calling Program" and are used in Bottom-up Integration Test
Chronological Order of Software Test - Unit Test > Integration Test > System Test > UAT

Review - It's a process to check the software's coding standard, testcase methods and template standards.
Types of reviews in Software Test -
Software pair reviews - It's done by main author of software.Code review-source code checked, Pair Programming-2 people
develop a code together, Walkthrough-Author and associates gather to discuss on defects, Inspection-Persons to check
the defined set of instructions to find defects, Technical review-Qualified team checks the software.
Software management review - It's to check work status and making decision of software.
Software audit review - It's an external review.It's for defect prevention and specification

Technical risks in test - Continuous changes in requirements, Product is complex to implement
Configuration management - It's a management determines the items that make up the software or system.
PRAD - Product Requirement Analysis Document. It's prepared by marketing and technical managers.
FURPS - Functionality, Usability, Reliability, Performance, Sustainability
Slippage Ration - It's a ratio of Actual time and Extra time taken by tester to test a product.

Test Environment - It's an environment where Testers executes their test. it can be collection of software and hardware
Test Bed - It's a performance environment for the testers. It contains OS,Configuration management for products,
hardware, network etc
Hotfix - This term is used for fix a severe bug found in a production by client.
Client Server - An application which runs in the client side but access the remote server for information
Web application Server - An application which runs entirely on web browser.
Deferred in Test - When bug is expected to fix on next release.
Defect Cluster - It means small number of modules contain most of the defects.
Issue and Risk - Issue is what is already occurred and Risk is a potential issue that may or may not happen
Showstopper - It's a kind of defect which needs to fix ASAP otherwise we can't proceed to next step
80/20 Pareto Analysis - It's an idea that 80% of a project's benefit can be achieved by doing 20% of Work.